We first realized that they might be
something wrong with Kingsley when.
I was observing him
in my mother's group
initially i wasn't worried i just thought
he was a bit more quiet and less outgoing.
But after a while probably a year i notice
that he wasn't merely meeting the same
milestones for
the of the children.
Were meeting.
And to be honest with you i didn't even
know what the developmental milestones were
and when they were
supposed to occur
Kingsley was..
developing and showing some.
Some milestones ..,
what you call typical
up to about twelve months, maybe six months
later Kingsley seemed to lose the ability
to do some of those things
He started to speak some words.
When he was one and half.
And he started walking
when he was one
So he does quite well
as like other children.
When he was a three.
He didn't speak at all
so
we worry about him
First we actually
thought Bailey was deaf.
Because we call Bailey's nine
and he wouldn't look
at you, he wouldn't even laid on
Bailey never made a sound when he
was born he was like silent
he didn't sleep for seventeen to
eighteen hours after he was born
I couldn't get him to feed.
He was really alert
he didn't want to be held, It was like put
me back in my little bassinet and
leave me be.
noticed that he watched a lot of movement
in rooms, like a fan moving and he would
just stare at at or he would
watch the television and..
Almost not blink
he wasn't.
Interacting
there was real
lack of eye contact
maybe ten months old
and he laughed for two hours
like excessively in hindsight
that was probably abnormal
and.
Had something to do with that there
was already something different about him
probably around
around four months.
probably started noticing
different little..
subtle differences to other kids
There was a problem
with the sleeping ,there was a problem..
with he's feeding.
But the rest of the time
he was a happy baby
leaving him alone
and he was happy.
So..
you sorta juggle with that is there
something wrong or is it just me
Alex was a late
talker and we thought..
Just because he was a boy and everything
and everyone talks at different ages
I actually was quiet casual
about it and at preschool.
They actually suggested i get a hearing test
for Alex because he didn't seem to notice.
When they called his name and everything
when i took Jack to one of
appointments to the early childhood nurse
and she seemed a little bit more interested
in Alex and the fact that he
wasn't talking because he was two and a half
She actually suggested the we make an
appointment to go and get him assessed
He didn't have the typical signs, he
didn't have the flapping didn't walk on his
tippy toes or anything
like that he just ..
Was quiet.
Flynn had lots
of ear infections.
was constantly had glue ear, had two sets
of grommets by the time was three and half
we put..
he's non-speaking, and his lack of
communication down to constantly having glue ear
The early education center was
having an information meeting about autism
halfway through it.
I kind of was slinking in my
seat thinking hang on..
he does this and he does that
and..
He didn't do all of the things
that they mentioned with autism.
But he certainly.
Did enough of them for
me to be worried.
He had three other cousins
around the same age..
Hw'd be sitting with his
cousins a group of little
two year olds and..
That'd be..
Playing with a certain toys togather and
Jonathan would crawl away just not wanting
anything to do with the other kids.
It was all starting to become.
Very realistic.